I was fascinated by
a world-wide malware event
that happened in 2017.
I started watching videos
and preparing to take
certification tests,
just like you.
I felt overwhelmed at first,
but my curiosity and passion has
driven me to continue
learning in this field.
I always remind
myself that no one is
born knowing everything and
everyone is on a
learning journey.
Even now, I still
remember what it
was like to start out
in this profession.
So, believe me when I tell
you that you're making
great progress, and I am
proud of your effort!
Now, before looking
ahead to where we're
headed on our journey into
the world of security,
let's take a moment to look
back on where we've been.
Previously, we focused mostly on
the concept of assets
and risks in security.
We covered topics like
the importance of
managing assets and
keeping them safe.
We discussed how the
digital world presents
new challenges and opportunities
in the field of security.
We also spent some time
exploring security plans.
With this solid foundation,
we're ready to keep expanding
our security mindset.
In this section, we'll cover
the security controls that
are used to proactively
keep assets safe.
I used the word proactively
there on purpose.
As you'll soon discover,
these controls are the
protections that we put
in place to stop problems
before they happen.
We're going to begin by taking
an in-depth look at privacy.
Here, you'll learn about the
effective data handling
processes that keep
information safe.
Next, you'll explore the role of
encryption and hashing in
safeguarding information.
Finally, you'll learn about
the standard access
controls that
companies use to authorize
and authenticate users.
Alright, are you ready to keep
moving ahead? I know I am!